README.md, before:

# Super G Mart Clone

## Welcome to Super G Mart Clone

This is my 3nd react project. A clone of my favorite website, Super G Mart. This project was created to learn more about

![Home_page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457064-de9379cb-a377-42d6-9b01-55dc31f158eb.png)
![Cart3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457075-7fc68603-eb3c-499e-bd48-beaf5d987ced.png)
![Categories](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457088-8ca5d91c-3846-46d1-86a3-706a38a4e83d.png)

A few more examples are shown in the folder 'original_vs_clone'

## Demo

### https://gmart-clone.vercel.app/

![HomePageSingle](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457104-08da2726-c367-4458-a351-6ea716e1b509.png)

## Features

- Create, Read, Update, & Delete Products In Cart w/ Redux Toolkit & NextJs
- (This project was primarily used to help learn about Nextjs's SSR + SSG + SEO + Full Stack Framework and Redux Toolkit)

## ⭐ Upcoming Features

- User Login
- Next.js Backend + MongoDB Implementation
- Stripe API Checkout
- My Orders
- ...

## Tech Stacks

- **TypeScript**: Language
- **NextJs**: FrontEnd
- **Material-UI**: CSS
- **Redux Toolkit**: State Management
- **React Icons**: Icons

## Acknowledgements

- [Super G Mart](https://shopclt.supergmart.com/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [NextJs](https://nextjs.org/)
- [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)

Commit message:

finish tpyescript support, now moving on to testing libraries

README.md, after:

# Super G Mart Clone

## Welcome to Super G Mart Clone

This is my 3rd React project. A clone of my favorite Asian supermarket store, Super G Mart. I started by manually inspecting the DOM elements of the original site and copying the CSS for each element. Though tedious, I learned so much about UI/UX design, how to structure and style components. The project is a bit lacking in terms of functionality simply because there is no actual backend this time. I wanted to focus more on learning the other front end tech including TypeScript, testing libraries (Jasmine or Jest), and JSON web tokens for authentication. Through this project I have learned about TypeScript, Next.js ( SSG + SSR + SEO), and Redux Toolkit.

![Home_page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457064-de9379cb-a377-42d6-9b01-55dc31f158eb.png)
![Cart3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457075-7fc68603-eb3c-499e-bd48-beaf5d987ced.png)
![Categories](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457088-8ca5d91c-3846-46d1-86a3-706a38a4e83d.png)

A few more examples are shown in the folder 'original_vs_clone'

## Demo

### https://gmart-clone.vercel.app/

![HomePageSingle](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60073154/145457104-08da2726-c367-4458-a351-6ea716e1b509.png)

## Features

- C - Add Products to Cart
- R - Open Cart Drawer
- U - Increment or Decrement Quantity of Each Product
- D - Delete Product from Cart

## ⭐ Upcoming Features

- (X) Next.js Backend + MongoDB Implementation
- (X) TypeScript
- Testing Library
- Mobile Responsiveness
- User Login w/ Auth0 & My Orders Page
- Stripe API Checkout
- ...

## Tech Stacks

- **TypeScript**: Language
- **NextJs**: FrontEnd
- **Redux Toolkit**: State Management
- **Material-UI**: CSS
- **React Icons**: Icons

## Acknowledgements

- [Super G Mart](https://shopclt.supergmart.com/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [NextJs](https://nextjs.org/)
- [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
